---
title: Jan 2024 Meeting
pubDate: 2024-01-31
meetingDate: 2024-01-08
description: Monthly meeting of FOSL members at the Sumas Library
---

# Jan 2024 Meeting

## I. DETAILS

- **Location**: Sumas Library, Sumas WA
- **Date**: Jan 8, 2024 6:30pm - 7:30pm
- **Frequency**: Monthly
- **Treats**: Brownie bites
- **Attendees**:
    - Meg K
    - Erin
    - Sarah
    - Brett
    - Cayla
    - Sam

## II. SUMMARY

### A. Action Items

- none at this time

### B. Upcoming Events

- March: Youth Movie Night – date TBD
- April 6: Community Clean-up – pending confirmation of date
- April Spring Bingo: potential day April 12

## III. MEETING REPORT

### A. Approve Prior Meeting Report

- No changes needed, record approved

### B. Financial

- same as last month
- Current balance: \$5,281
- Outstanding Deposits: \$270 for bake sale
- Outstanding Disbursements: ~\$300 to Meg for library holiday decorations; \$69.09 from Community Christmas dinner fund
- Payments the past month: \$0

### C. Library News

- Explorations is out for Jan – May, lots of good programs system-wide.
- Sumas story time starts Jan. 22nd
- Patron Appreciation Week will be Feb 12 – Feb 17. This week (Feb 15) is the one year anniversary of reopening after the flood.

### D. Old Business

- Christmas gift exchange during last meeting was fun. All attendees agreed. Attendees went around the table and briefly talked about what they did for Christmas.

### E. New Business

- Meeting day change: beginning in February, meetings will be held the 1st Monday of the month so they no longer coincide with Sumas City Council meetings. Cayla will not be able to attend next meeting in February, so if anyone is interested in taking notes for the meeting, please contact her.
- Meg will be meeting with Nancy to talk over the position of FOSL President with her and encourage her to take on the role. Other FOSL members agree Nancy would be great at this and have been encouraging her to take this role beginning next year as well. As of yet, there are no interested members for the Treasure or Secretary role.
- Cozy winter week at the library: Will take place beginning Wednesday, Jan 17. Library staff will have cocoa, cider and treats available for patrons, and fuzzy blankets will be spread through the library as decor to add to the cozy feeling. FOSL provided the funds for the cocoa and cider, and baked items are from previous bake sales and have been stored in the freezer until now. If more items are needed, Cayla will contact FOSL Head Baker, Sarah, to ask for more items. February Cozy winter week has been renamed Patron Appreciation Week. Beverages and treats will be available that week, and other
- Winter Decor removal: Items will be removed Sat. Feb 17 by Meg K. If library staff decide it would be better to have items removed before Patron Appreciation Week, Cayla will contact Meg to discuss.
- March Spring Teen movie: targeting grade 6-8 as in indoor movie to be held at the Community/Senior Center. Current plan is to stream a movie from Kanopy, possibly Marcel the Shell with Shoes on. FOSL will also potentially provide pizza and soda for the event. Day will be determined at February meeting.
- April 6, potential downtown clean-up day. Awaiting confirmation with city on specific day Nooksack Valley Disposal will be here.
- Spring bingo – potential dates April 12. Spring Cleaning theme, so would potentailly go along with the Spring Clean up day.
- April 7 – 13 is National Library Week. FOSL are wondering what they can do to help promote the library this week....discussion about going door-to-door, pros and cons. Cayla will talk to Paul to get ideas as well.

### F. Community News
- Community Holiday dinner was a success. 10 soups, along with a variety of homemade bread, and desserts. 50+ people attended, and enjoyed playing pool and board games, singing along with the piano, and generally talking and getting to know each other.
- FOSL members commented on how it might be nice to have a puzzle night, or kids to dart night, or some other type of evening programs for the community (library or others organized).
- FOSL members thought that some community photos from the historical museum would look good in the Community Center.

### G. Next Meeting

- Next meetong on Monday, Feb. 5 – note day change to FIRST Monday of month!
