---
title: Feb 2024 Meeting
pubDate: 2024-02-06
meetingDate: 2024-02-05
description: Monthly meeting of FOSL members at the Sumas Library
---

# Feb 2024 Meeting

## I. DETAILS

- **Location**: Sumas Library, Sumas WA
- **Date**: Feb 5, 2024 6:30pm - 7:30pm
- **Frequency**: Monthly
- **Treats**: Garlic butter pull apart rolls
- **Attendees**:
    - Meg, president
    - Brett, acting secretary
    - Lizette
    - Helen
    - Sarah
    - Paul
    - Erin
    - Nancy
    - Samantha
    - Deanna
    - Jessica
    - Judy
    - Maria
    - Gina
    - Bruce

## II. SUMMARY

### A. Action Items

- Determine venue for Spring Cleaning bingo event
- Finalized dates for April events
- Updated the old FOSL brochure
- Take down winter decorations
- Explore SAD therapy light options
- Create community postcard + coloring contest
- Create school teacher brochure to advertise library
- Provide feedback regarding new [FOSL website](https://fosl.crossinguard.dev/)

### B. Upcoming Events

Dates are tentative

- Apr 5: Spring Cleaning bingo event
- Apr 6: Community clean up day
- Apr 8: Marcel the Shell with Shoes On movie event

## III. MEETING REPORT

### A. Approve Prior Meeting Report

- No changes needed, record approved

### B. Financial

- Current balance: \$5,482
- Funds were **spent** on Cozy Winter Week for -\$62 and reimbursement for Community Christmas dinner fund for -\$75
- Funds were **gained** from the Wet Bake Sale and city deposit reimbursement for +\$270 total

### C. Library News

- [Cedar Weaving](https://www.wcls.org/cedar-weaving/) on Feb 24 is packed! All spots are resevered with a large waiting list
- Whatcom Reads [Red Paint](https://wcls.bibliocommons.com/v2/record/S150C583688)
- Sumas Library is hiring a [Public Services Assistant](https://www.wcls.org/public-services-assistant-sumas-library/). Good luck on the advanced degree Christine!

### D. Old Business

- Current FOSL president Meg relinquishes power to upcoming FOSL president Nancy. Anticipated to be a peaceful transition.
- Monthly FOSL meetings now occuring on the first Monday of each month to minimize overlap with city meetings. We had multiple members who have been unable to attend in past months now able to attend due to this change.

### E. New Business

- Upcoming "Cozy Winter Week" has been rebranded to "Patron Appreciation Week" to celebrate the upcoming 1 year anniversary of reopening the Sumas Library (Feb 15)
    - Treats for patrons being made by Head Baker Sarah
- Winter decorations need to be taken down, likely following the next book club meeting
- Suggestion to buy the library a light for Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD) light therapy. Light would stay in library for patron use (not to be checked out).
    - starting with 1 light purchase to see if more makes sense
    - initial exploration of models to take place, no purchasing request yet
    - "Get your happy moment at the library!"
- April will be packed with events, including a youth movie night (Marcel the Shell), Spring Cleaning bingo not (cleaning supplies "potluck"), and community clean up day
- A new FOSL website is in development and temporarily available at [fosl.crossinguard.dev](https://fosl.crossinguard.dev/). Send any feedback to Brett.
    - website hosting is free with anticipated cost for a custom domain (e.g., friendsofthesumaslibrary.org) around \$15/yr

### F. Community News

- National Library Week 2024 takes place from Apr 7 - 13 and is themed "Read, Set, Library!"
- How to gether community at the library to increase use in checkouts, club participation, services, etc.
    - Increase social media reach with other local Whatcom/Sumas Facebook groups for cross promotion
    - Create community postcard with library info on one side and a coloring contest on the back
    - Create more community events to draw people in
    - Contact schools for walking trips to the library, coordinate through school librarian or teacher mail boxes with a brochure
- Library Popcorn: What does the library bring to you?
    - community
    - motivation
    - safe place
    - digital content
    - summer ac
    - try before you buy media
    - multimedia
    - staff is awesome
    - print services
    - book club
    - community leader meet & greet
    - puppet house
    - swing dancing
    - playground
    - cornhole
    - discovery without an algormithm
- February is "Love Your Library" month. Submit book lists, favorite memories, interact with Library and FOSL social media on Facebook
- Community clean up day on Apr 6

### G. Next Meeting

- Meeting concluded at 7:33pm
- Next meeting on March 4th